hey guys and welcome to Tasmania TV and
another t-shirt transformation I started
out with this kind of simple t-shirt and
then I turn it into this cool punk
visual Kai inspired top so here's what I
did I started off by cutting off the
stone line in the front and I cut it in
a bent shape like this to get the
extension of the back a little bit more
visual and get a little bit shorter in
the front and then I cut the stone line
off in the back as well but just
straight in the back
then I cut off the sleeves now I ended
up cutting off the entire still on the
side here but what I'm showing is just
cutting the sleeves off and I cut them
really low because I wanted that sort of
open sexy side thing once I've cut off
one sleeve I use the cut off piece to
measure to get the exact same cut off
piece on the other side now don't throw
these pieces away guys because we're
gonna use them in a second after that I
cut off the neckline and I cut it a
little bit deeper than it is gives it
like a little bit of a cleavage ones
that it's cut off you have a nice tank
top to work on now I can't I didn't
shoot here but what I did was cut slits
throughout all of the middle of the back
so just cutting like ten centimeters
across into the folded fabric like so
what i'm doing here is cutting off all
of the sewn edges of the extra pieces
that i've actually cut off because we're
going to use those now so just cutting
off anything that is shown any kind of
hemlines and stuff like that so that the
little pieces are nice and clean
then I've laid out the extra pieces like
so having the shorter pieces to the
sides and the longer ones in the middle
these are going to make up a sort of
tail for the top if you don't like this
look you can skip this step and just go
ahead and make a regular tank top but I
like this because it makes it possible
to wear leggings as pants so then I
flipped them like so to place them where
I want them to end up and then pin those
down and then sew across that leg
after that stretch out the pieces in the
back that you've cut otherwise they're
not gonna look nice or just gonna be
like these flat strips when you stretch
them out t-shirt fabric is super elastic
but if it comes these kind of spaghetti
things and that's what we want just that
texture the next thing I'm doing is
recreating that look from the back on
the front and the two sides just beside
the print so folding the fabric over and
then just cutting a little bit into it
without cutting into the print and then
again stretching the fabric out so that
I get the speedy effect and repeating
that for the other side of the front and
stretching again after that
get out your safety pins and pin the
open sighs like I said I ended up
to cutting the entire sides open you can
lay a little bit if you like I just like
having safety pins instead of a sewn
edge because it makes it so easy to just
fit it to your body so repeat that
process for both sites and then you're
basically done now I ended up doing a
lot of detail work on this top after I
recorded it I put some chains on and
just more safety pins to get my punky
filled but yeah this is basically what
the top looks like when it's done so it
started out as a regular boring t-shirt
and now it's a really cool super fitted
tank top so thank you guys for watching
and I'll see you next time